I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
The Playground!
Peppa and George are at the
playground With their friends.
Candy Cat and Pedro Pony
are on the climbing frame.
Suzy Sheep, Danny Dog,
and Rebecca Rabbit
are playing on the slide.
Weeee!
Peppa is playing
on the swing.
Mummy, Mummy!
Push me! Please!
Are you ready?
Yes, I Want to go
really high.
Weeee!
Higher, Mummy!
George Wants to play
on the swing.
Now, it's your turn, George.
Hold tight!
I Want to push George.
Push George gently, Peppa.
Yes, Mummy.
Hold tight, George!
Weeee!
Waaaaa!
Oh, dear! Peppa has pushed
George too high!
George dose not like being up high.
Peppa! You know George is
a bit scared of heights!
Sorry, George!
Let's play on the climbing frame!
Hello, Suzy!
Hello, Danny!
Hello, Peppa!
Wheeeee!
Wheee.
You are doing it all Wrong!
This is the proper Way
to swing across!
Stand back!
Ready, steady, go!
Wheee! Look at me!
I'm flying like a bird!
Oh! I can't get out!
Peppa is stuck in the tire!
It's not funny!
Well, it does look a bit funny.
We'll have to pull you out.
Peppa's friends are
helping to free her.
Hurray!
Thank you, everyone.
George, do you Want to play
on the climbing frame?
The climbing frame is quite high.
George does not like being up high.
Waaaa!
Sorry, George.
Let's play on the slide.
Yes! The slide!
Peppa loves the slide.
Everyone loves the slide.
Mummy! Daddy! Look at me!
Ready, steady, go!
Wheeee!
Whee!
George Wants to play on the slide.
Are you sure, George?
It is a bit high.
Alright, I'll help you
up the steps.
Oh, dear! It is a bit
too high for George.
Waaaa!
Don't cry, George;
I'll slide down With you.
Daddy, you're too big
to go down the slide!
Don't be silly, Peppa,
I'm not too big.
Stand back! Ready,
steady, go!
Daddy Pig is stuck!
It's not funny!
It looks very funny, Daddy.
I suppose it is a bit funny.
We'll have to push you down.
Oooof!
Wheee!
Daddy's tummy is just
like a bouncy castle!
George loves bouncing
on Daddy's tummy.
George isn't afraid of
heights anymore!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Daddy Puts up a Picture!
Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig
have a new picture of
Peppa and George.
We should put this Iovely,
new picture on the Wall.
Leave it to me.
I am the Dly expert of the house.